My soundscape is meant to capture the aspects of a movie theater. I wanted to start by establishing the foreground with the conversations of other people. Luckily for me, there was a file on the Internet of people leaving the theater. After establishing that noise I added my recording for asking for a ticket (although I’m not sure if I should keep this since people buy tickets online more than actually getting them at the theater. After that, I added the sounds of popcorn popping and I will add a recording asking for a large popcorn. Additionally, I plan on adding a conversation where an employee gives the person directions to their movie. I decided to further establish the foreground with a person walking on the carpet. As the person walks, the listeners can also hear different movies playing. I wasn’t sure if it sounded like a person was walking past a theater. After I plan on adding a sound with a door opening and there is a sound of the person sitting in the big chair. Then immediately the listeners can hear the loud boom that starts before a movie and a sound for the announcement to turn off all cell phones. I also need to record the sound to turn off cell phones. I think I had a hard time seeing if everything was flowing together. I am nervous that it sounds choppy at times, but I also have been listening to it for a long time and it’s starting to all sound the same. I also couldn’t remember how long the recording needs to be or how many sounds needed to be incorporated. I think I could add additional sounds with the different movies that the person would be walking by or a sound of a cell going off when the movie is about to begin. Any feedback would be extremely helpful! 
